[Docs] Bounding Box documentation improvement (#6102)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/README_BoundingBox.md

   bbox.BoxGrabbedMaterial = [Assign BoundingBoxGrabbed.mat]
   bbox.HandleMaterial = [Assign BoundingBoxHandleWhite.mat]
   bbox.HandleGrabbedMaterial = [Assign BoundingBoxHandleBlueGrabbed.mat]
   bbox.ScaleHandlePrefab = [Assign MRTK_BoundingBox_ScaleHandle.prefab]
   bbox.ScaleHandleSlatePrefab = [Assign MRTK_BoundingBox_ScaleHandle_Slate.prefab]
   bbox.ScaleHandleSize = 0.016f;
   bbox.ScaleHandleColliderPadding = 0.016f;
   bbox.RotationHandleSlatePrefab = [Assign MRTK_BoundingBox_RotateHandle.prefab]
   bbox.RotationHandleSize = 0.016f;
   bbox.RotateHandleColliderPadding = 0.016f;
```

### Example: Set minimum, maximum bounding box scale using TransformScaleHandler
To set the minimum and maximum scale, use the [`TransformScaleHandler`](cref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.UI.TransformScaleHander). You can also use TransformScaleHandler to set minimum and maximum scale for [`ManipulationHandler`](cref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.UI.ManipulationHandler).

```csharp
   GameObject cube = GameObject.CreatePrimitive(PrimitiveType.Cube);
   bbox = cube.AddComponent<BoundingBox>();
   // Important: BoundingBox creates a scale handler on start if one does not exist

>    // do not use AddComponent, as that will createa  duplicate handler that will not be used 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   // do not use AddComponent, as that will create a  duplicate handler that will not be used 
```
